doc: remove Notary v2 reference (#262)
notaryproject/notaryproject: requirements/requirements.md

# Requirements

A collection of requirements and scenarios, framing the scope of the Notary v2 project.
A collection of requirements and scenarios, framing the scope of the Notary project.

## TOC

<!-- no toc -->
- [Goals](#goals)
- [Non Goals](#non-goals)
- [Scenarios](./scenarios.md)

> - [Threat Model](./threatmodel.md)

Reviewer: It seems the threat model is gone. Is it intended?

Author: After I disabled the TOC auto-generation, I missed this one. I will add it back.

- [Definitions & Terms](./definitions-terms.md)
- [Contributing & Conversations](#contributing--conversations)

## Goals

> Notary Project aims to address the learnings and gaps of legacy Notary, while prioritizing a set of goals and [scenarios](./scenarios.md).

Reviewer 2: The Notary Project aims to address the learnings and gaps of previous versions,

> Notary Project aims to address the learnings and gaps of legacy Notary, while prioritizing a set of goals and [scenarios](./scenarios.md).

Reviewer: It is confusing for the term `legacy Notary`.

> Notary Project aims to address the learnings and gaps of legacy Notary, while prioritizing a set of goals and [scenarios](./scenarios.md).

Reviewer 3: Is _"legacy Notary"_ the way to refer to https://github.com/notaryproject/notary now?

Author: Yes, it referred to https://github.com/notaryproject/notary now. I will update it to `gaps of previous version` based on the feedback from Steve. `legacy` is not a good wording. cc @toddysm for comments.

Author: As clarified https://github.com/notaryproject/.github/issues/35, it will be updated to `TUF-based implementation`

# Requirements

A collection of requirements and scenarios, framing the scope of the Notary Project.

## TOC

<!-- no toc -->
- [Goals](#goals)
- [Non Goals](#non-goals)
- [Scenarios](./scenarios.md)
- [Threat Model](./threatmodel.md)
- [Key Stake Holders \& Contributors](#key-stake-holders--contributors)
- [Contributing \& Conversations](#contributing--conversations)
- [Definitions & Terms](./definitions-terms.md)
- [Contributing & Conversations](#contributing--conversations)

## Goals

> The Notary Project aims to address the learnings and gaps of previous version, while prioritizing a set of goals and [scenarios](./scenarios.md).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The Notary Project aims to address the learnings and limitations of [Notary TUF-based implementation](https://github.com/notaryproject/notary), while establishing and prioritizing a set of goals and [scenarios](./scenarios.md) for the new implementation (this repo).
```

## Goals

Notary Project aims to address the learnings and limitations of [TUF-based implementation](https://github.com/notaryproject/notary), while establishing and prioritizing a set of goals and [scenarios](./scenarios.md) for new implementation (this repository).

1. Offline signature creation
1. Signatures attesting to authenticity and/or certification
1. Maintain the original artifact digest and collection of associated tags, supporting existing dev through deployment workflows
1. Multiple signatures per artifact, enabling the originating vendor signature, public registry certification and user/environment signatures

> 1. Native persistance within an [OCI Image][oci-image] enabled, [OCI distribution specification][oci-distribution] based registry

Reviewer 2: From: https://github.com/notaryproject/notaryproject/pull/262#discussion_r1272600151
I think the changes are trying to deal with the detail for which manifest type is used, vs. what concept is being supported. OCI Artifacts, and with the pending changes to Image and Distribution specs, support any artifact type to be persisted in an OCI Distribution-based registry.  Changing OCI Artifact to OCI Image makes it sound like notation can only sign images, which isn't accurate.

Suggestion:
Native persistance within an 1.1 compliant [OCI distribution specification][oci-distribution] based registry

> 1. Artifact and signature copying within and across [OCI distribution specification v1.1][oci-distribution] compliant registries

Reviewer: `image-spec` is not mentioned (but was there in the original version).

> 1. Artifact and signature copying within and across [OCI Image][oci-image] enabled, [OCI distribution specification][oci-distribution] based registries

Reviewer 2: Same change as line 24 above
> Artifact and signature copying within and across [OCI distribution specification v1.1][oci-distribution] compliant registries

1. Key hierarchies and delegation
1. Key revocation, including private and air-gapped registries
1. Key acquisition must support users from hobbyists, open source projects to large software vendors

> 1. Usable workflows, enabled for the masses to easily create and consume Notary signatures

Reviewer 5: Usable workflows, enabled for the masses to easily create and consume Notary **Project** signatures

1. Key hierarchies and delegation
1. Key revocation, including private and air-gapped registries
1. Key acquisition must support users from hobbyists, open source projects to large software vendors

> 1. Usable workflows, enabled for the masses to easily create and consume Notary signatures

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. Usable workflows, enabled for adopters to easily create and consume Notary signatures
```

  
## Contributing & Conversations

Regular conversations for Notary v2 occur on the [Cloud Native Computing Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T08PSQ7BQ/CQUH8U287?) channel.
Regular conversations for Notary Project occur on the [Cloud Native Computing Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T08PSQ7BQ/CQUH8U287?) channel.

Weekly meetings occur each Monday.
Please see the [CNCF Calendar](https://www.cncf.io/community/calendar/) for details.

Meeting notes are captured on [hackmd.io](https://hackmd.io/_vrqBGAOSUC_VWvFzWruZw).

[distribution-spec]:    https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec

> [oci-artifacts]:        https://github.com/opencontainers/artifacts

Reviewer: Should reference to `image-spec`.

Author: @shizhMSFT It seems these were already removed. Could you take a look again?

  
## Contributing & Conversations

> Regular conversations for Notary Project occur on the [Cloud Native Computing Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T08PSQ7BQ/CQUH8U287?) channel.

Reviewer 2: Regular conversations for the Notary Project
